# Splunk-TA for WebEx Meetings

> The **Splunk-TA for Webex Meetings** uses the _Webex Meetings XML API_ to fetch data and ingest it into Splunk.

### Description of the request (Just FYR)
Hi Joe,
Good to meet you and rest of the Splunk Team!

Here is a set of useful links to our supported API’s and methods:
https://developer.cisco.com/docs/webex-xml-api-reference-guide/#!history-service-overview (The service history API’s should give you access to meeting events history). Navigate a few levels up for a full set of XML API’s
Documentation for the newer Restful API’s is available at https://developer.webex.com/docs/platform-introduction
To get Organization wide events generated by users on the Webex Teams messaging platform refer this compliance guide: https://developer.webex.com/docs/api/guides/compliance

The meetings API’s are not yet live on developer.webex.com they are currently invite only Beta (we refer to it as EFT / Engineering Field Trials) mode.
Please send an email to devsupport@webex.com feel free to copy and or reach out to me if you run into any issues.

Our Collab platform is complex and has a number of workloads (messaging, meeting, calling, contact center etc.)
You can reach out to me directly with any questions and I can connect you with the right folks internally.
We also have an external facing dev support team whom you can contact directly via the in-app help.


## Getting Started
This is a TA to pull in data from WebEx Meetings XML API. 
This is the `LstmeetingusageHistory` [API endpoint](https://developer.cisco.com/docs/webex-xml-api-reference-guide/#!lstmeetingusagehistory) being hit to fetch data for the meetings. 

#### Installation and Configuration Steps
This application can be installed on-prem and cloud. The TA can be downloaded from the JIRA ticket / [Drive link]()

##### Installation Steps for `on-prem`
Install the TA on one of the Heavy Forwarder(s).

##### Installation Steps for `cloud`
Create a support ticket with `APP-CERT` reference to get it installed on the Cloud instance *OR* follow the cloud-ops steps to install non-published applications.

#### Configuration steps
The configuration steps are common for `on-prem` and `cloud`. Please follow the following steps in order:
1. Open the Web UI for the Heavy Forwarder (or IDM).
2. Access the TA from the list of applications.
3. Click on `Add New Input` button on the top right corner.
4. Enter the following details:
**Site Name** (_required_): This identifies the Webex site you are targeting with your add-on. For example, if the URL is `https://splunk.webex.com`, the Webex Site that you have to enter is `splunk`.
**Username** (_required_): E-mail address of the host or admin account making the request. For example: `splunker@splunk.com`.
**Password** (_required_): Password of the account associated with the e-mail address above. The password will be masked.
**Begin Time** (_required_): This is in conjunction with Start Time End to specify the start time scope of the meetings that you want to ingest. Format for the Start Time would be `MM/DD/YYYY hh:mm:ss`.
**End Time** (_optional_): This is in conjunction with Start Time Start to specify the start time scope of the meetings that you want to ingest. Format for the End Time would be `MM/DD/YYYY hh:mm:ss`.
5. Click on the `Add` green button on the bottom right of the pop up box.
6. Please check for any errors and resolve them before using the search app to check for the pulled-in data.

## Example(s)


## Credits & Acknowledgements (optional)
> Please feel free to contact fdse@splunk.com or #team-fdse on Slack for any more information.